Include deprecations for aggregation filters and changesets for the new aggregation filters (#6024)
neo4j/graphql: .changeset/silent-phones-sort.md

---
"@neo4j/graphql": minor
---

> Following the changes of moving aggregations inside the connection fields, the aggregation filter `count` is now supported on both nodes and relationships.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aggregation filter `count` now supports both, nodes and relationships.
```
